Are you thinking of studying and
search in germany
talk to representatives of
German universities was essential to
choice of Germany with a country of
destination of my exchange
if you invest in your career
professional needs accurate tip
close to learning a new language
come to participate in the seventh
German universities that will happen
from the 21st of November to the 26th of November
in the cities of campinas são paulo reef
and strength
Let's visit the unicamp in Campinas one
day 20 in november tabu of the name in são
paulo at baker institute and then
we will know in the back of the edict and recife
first on 25 November and 26 on
fortress
we are bringing 20 universities
German ranging opportunity to wife
study and research in trance novelty
this year is that we are bringing a
specific event for the doctorate in
Friday until the 22nd case in Sao
Let's meet then, teachers.
German institutes that offer
doctorate there are many opportunities and
many waves of scholarships
there you will be able to talk with
representatives of your doubts ask
advice in the area of ​​studies and
germany search do not miss the
opportunity to participate in the 7th week
of German universities that will take place
in the city of tacna são paulo reef and
fortress from the 21st to the 26th of November
Do you want to have contact with a culture?
different in cutting-edge research
germany son may rain you have
seen in germany
do not forget to take part in the seventh tour
of German universities